JOSEPH MUNGOMA
What is the CLI and how to work with it.
Ans: 
Command Line Interface is an interface where where the user (developer) types commands using the keyboard to tell the computer which actions to take.

What is a versioning control system and why we need it.
Ans: 
Versioning control system is a flow process using git and github to make changes, maintain, back up and share our codebases. We need it to navigate between different states of texts, files or code that are within the developer's repository. 


Understand the differences between Git and GitHub?
Ans: 
Git is a local repository that stores versioned files locally in the form of commits in a computer while GitHub is a web interface remote repository that stores versioned files on the cloud so that they are available to whoever has permission.


Understand the difference between the main branch and other branches of a repository.
Ans:
Main branch-
Main working area for the developer.
Indicated by main/master in the GitBash terminal following the folder name.
You can create a branch from it.
Sub-branch-
Changes made to a sub-branch are isolated to that branch only until it is merged back into the master/main branch.
Sub-branch name is usually inside the parenthesis after the folder name.
You cannot create a main branch in the sub branch.

Understand what an IDE is.

How to open and use VS Code.
Ans: 
In your desired directory, by typing in "code ." and pressing Enter on your keyboard will open VS Code while in your terminal or by pressing "Ctrl -`"
VSCode terminal uses the same commands as Git and GitBash terminals. 

Development tools -- CLI, Git and GitHub, and VS Code

Know what Jupyter Notebooks are

how to Install and start up Jupyter Notebooks

how to use Jupyter Notebooks inside of VS Code

read the resources on beautifying Jupyter Notebooks

Know what type of programming language the Python language is

Know how to install Python

Know how to start coding Python

how to create Python files in VS Code

how to write Python code inside a Jupyter Notebook

Understand how to run your Python code

how to run Python code files in the CLI

how to run Python code files in VS Code

how to run Python code files in Jupyter Notebooks

Understand some basics about debugging

